
This directory contains RSFQ library cells and corresponding
test/demonstration cells, for the Xic program from Whiteley Research
Inc.  (www.wrcad.com).

The cells were generated using parameters provided for RSFQ cells from
the State University of New York (SUNY) archive

http://pavel.physics.sunysb.edu/RSFQ/Lib/

and the RSFQ cells proviced from the Technische Universitat Ilmenau
(Germany)

http://www4.tu-ilmenau.de/EI/ATE/kryo/cell_library/index.htm

Please consult these sites for available information on the
characteristics of these cells.

The Xic cells were created by Steve Whiteley (stevew@wrcad.com) of
Whiteley Research Inc., initially in December 2009.  At this point,
the cells are intended to be direct translations of the source
designs, though component values have typically been rounded to two
decimal places.

To use the library, a recent release of Xic (www.wrcad.com) should be
available, as well as WRspice for simulation.

The model.lib and device.lib files in this directory must be those
read on startup.  These can be copied to a directory at the start of
the library search path, or the user can start Xic in a directory
containing these files.

These cells contain electrical data only, and should work with any
technology file.

In electrical mode, the cells can be read into Xic.  The cells with
"test" in the name provide a test circuit, which can be simulated if
WRspice is available.  Press the "run" button in the side menu, then
the "plot" button to view the results.

All primitive cells have a symbolic representation, one must switch
off symbolic mode to view the actual schematics.

The ".txt" files in this directory contain additional information and
documentation.

The psu.cc file is a skeletal utility for converting to/from PSCAN
units, a dimensionless unit system used in the SUNY raw design info.

